guide: begin How To section (#1705)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/add.md

It's possible to prevent files or directories from being added by DVC by adding
the corresponding patterns in a [`.dvcignore`](/doc/user-guide/dvcignore) file.
You can also undo the action of adding files or directories using `dvc add` by

> following this [guide](/docs/user-guide/how-to/undo-adding-data).

Author: > undo the action of adding files or directories using `dvc add`

That sounds really redundant, especially given the context. Can we simplify the phrase? Simple, direct language please 🙂.

Also, it's better to link part of the natural sentence instead of adding something like: "by following this [link]()" when possible.

Author: Also, this sentence isn't that closely related to the paragraph you put it in. It may be the right place for this info, but let's make it a separate paragraph?

It's possible to prevent files or directories from being added by DVC by adding
the corresponding patterns in a [`.dvcignore`](/doc/user-guide/dvcignore) file.

> You can also [undo 'dvc add'](/docs/user-guide/how-to/undo-adding-data) to stop

Author: We don't use single quotes for this. Back quotes is the MD standard.
```suggestion
You can also [undo `dvc add`](/docs/user-guide/how-to/undo-adding-data) to stop
```

> tracking files or directories added previously.

Author: Redundant
```suggestion
tracking files or directories.
```
